            With the time passing by, an increasing number of countryside begins its urbanization. Some people hold that we should deter the rural form this type of development; while others believe that it is necessary for us to foster this procession. Myself, I maintain that we should interfere the villages from the urbanization, in that it will destroy the environment and decline people’s healthy condition.
         By urbanizing, our surroundings will be damaged, and it’s hard to recover. In the past, my hometown was a wonderful place, where covered by the flourish trees and clean river. However, when the urbanization fell on the peaceful village, it all changed, now, the water in the river become black and the tree of the wooden become disappeared. At the same time, numerous of rural in our country are facing the same problems, but we cannot stop the urbanization’s happen. In short, the will take our terrific hometown out of us, and we need to deter it.
            Besides, the urbanization also will be harmful to our health. As we all know, once the urbanization is down in city, and then the men who lives in this place have to find a job to earn his living in a company, but the occupy occasionally are work in seat, because the urbanization makes them only can work for companies instead of work in a field. Unfortunately, during the whole day’s work, they seldom move themselves or go out for a walk, but sitting in front of the computers the whole day. Consequently, the urbanization creating the sub-health status’s happen, severely affect people’s health. To be brief, the urbanization deeply impact on humans’ healthy condition.

          To sum up, although the urbanization can bring us about the life’s convenience and living quality, it also takes a substandard environment and healthy condition to us. So, let’s enjoy the non urbanization life, holding this situation forever!         
